Change dataset from 1 day to 1 hour (#107)
pingcap/ossinsight: blog/try-it-yourself.md

If you want to know the table schema, you can use `show create table tbl_name` to get that information.
:::

> Because you have imported the sample data of all GitHub events occurred on the first hour of 2022 (from 2022-01-01 00:00:00 to 2022-01-01 00:59:59), you can start to make any queries based on that data by using SQL commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because you have imported the sample data of all GitHub events occurred in the first hour of the first day of 2022 (from 2022-01-01 00:00:00 to 2022-01-01 00:59:59), you can start to make any queries based on that data by using SQL commands. 
```

   LIMIT 20;
```

## Mini Test
Here is a small test for you to practice how to use TiDB Cloud to conduct analytics. 

> ### Q: Who is the most active contributor except the robot accounts on the first hour of 2022?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q: Who is the most active contributor except the robot accounts during the first hour of 1 January, 2022?
```
